The Senate has passed a bill that would amend the Internal Revenue Code to provide for corporate tax reform. The bill would impose a new corporate alternative minimum tax, and would exempt certain corporations from the tax. The bill would also allow for a corporate AMT foreign tax credit.

This section of the bill deals with the treatment of foreign corporations for the purposes of the repurchase of stock by a covered corporation. It amends section 10 275(a) of the Internal Revenue Code to insert 37, before 41. It also amends the table of chapters for subtitle D by inserting a new item after the item relating to chapter 36, to create chapter 37, which deals with the repurchase of corporate stock. This section applies to repurchases of stock after December 31, 2022. This section of the bill establishes a new program to negotiate drug prices on behalf of Medicare Part B and D enrollees, and sets the maximum fair price for a selected drug at the price negotiated by the program. The program will be implemented in 2026. This section of the bill establishes exceptions for small biotech drugs from the definition of "negotiation-eligible drug."

This section of the bill requires manufacturers to provide access to maximum fair prices for drugs to certain eligible individuals and entities during the price applicability period. The manufacturer of a selected drug will provide access to the maximum fair price to eligible individuals and hospitals, physicians, and other providers of services and suppliers. The manufacturer will also submit information to the Secretary on the non-Federal average manufacturer price for the drug and information that the Secretary requires to carry out the negotiation process.

This section of the Social Security Act establishes a process for the renegotiation of maximum fair prices for certain drugs. A drug for which the Secretary makes a determination described in section 1192(c)(1) before or during the period of renegotiation shall not be subject to the renegotiation process. This section also establishes civil monetary penalties for drug manufacturers who do not provide access to a maximum fair price for a selected drug to eligible individuals, or who overcharge for drugs covered by Medicaid.

This section of the bill delays the inclusion of a biosimilar biological product on the list of extended-monopoly drugs if the manufacturer requests a delay and it is determined that there is a high likelihood that the biosimilar product will be licensed and marketed before the expiration date of the selected drug. The manufacturer must submit information and documents to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make determinations. This section also establishes the maximum fair price for a biological product and the amount of the rebate for such product.

This section of the Social Security Act requires drug manufacturers to provide rebates to the government for drugs that have prices that increase faster than inflation. The rebates must be equal to the amount specified in subsection (b) for each dosage form and strength of the drug. This section applies to drugs covered under Part D of the Social Security Act.

This bill establishes a program to provide discounts on prescription drugs for certain Medicare beneficiaries. Under the program, manufacturers will agree to provide the discounts and the Secretary will make payments to the manufacturers for the difference between the negotiated price and the applicable drug's retail price.

This section of the Affordable Care Act requires drug manufacturers to provide a discount on drugs to low-income seniors who fall into the "coverage gap." The discount is phased in over time, starting at 50% in 2011 and reaching 75% by 2020. In 2021, the discount will be based on the "specified LIS percent" of the negotiated price of the drug.

This bill amends the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to increase the initial coverage limit and out-of-pocket threshold for 2025 and subsequent years, and to eliminate the annual out-of-pocket threshold for 2024 and subsequent years. The Social Security Act is amended to provide discounts for prescription drugs dispensed under Medicare Part D for years 2011 through 2025, and to allow for a maximum monthly cap on cost-sharing payments under prescription drug plans and Medicare Advantage plans. This section allows enrollees in a prescription drug plan or an MA plan to elect to pay their cost-sharing in monthly installments, capped at a maximum monthly amount. The bill also appropriates $10 million for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to carry out the provisions of the bill. Finally, it requires Medicare Part D plans to cover adult vaccines recommended by the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices.

This bill amends the Social Security Act to require that, for plan year 2023 and subsequent plan years, the copayment amount for a covered insulin product dispensed to a low-income individual may not exceed the applicable copayment amount for the product under the prescription drug plan or Medicare Advantage plan in which the individual is enrolled. The bill also limits the monthly coinsurance and adjusts the supplier payment under Medicare Part B for insulin furnished through durable medical equipment. Additionally, the bill extends and modifies the credit for electricity produced from certain renewable resources.

The Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended to include microgrid controllers and qualified biogas property as eligible technologies for the energy investment tax credit. Energy storage technology is defined as property that receives, stores, and delivers energy for conversion to electricity, with a nameplate capacity of not less than 5 kilowatt hours. Thermal energy storage property is also included. Qualified biogas property means property comprising a system which converts biomass into a gas which consists of not less than 52 percent methane by volume, or is concentrated by such system into a gas which consists of not less than 52 percent methane, and captures such gas for sale or productive use. A microgrid controller is defined as equipment part of a qualified microgrid, which is designed and used to monitor and control the energy resources and loads on such microgrid. This section of the bill deals with the tax credit for energy projects. A project is eligible for the credit if it meets certain requirements, including being a project with a maximum net output of less than 1 megawatt of electrical or thermal energy, or a project that satisfies the requirements of paragraphs (10)(A) and (11). The energy project tax credit is increased by 2 percentage points for projects that use domestic content, as determined by rules similar to the rules for the regular energy project tax credit. This section of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 provides tax credits for solar and wind energy facilities placed in service in connection with low-income communities. The credit is increased by 2 percentage points for solar projects and 10 percentage points for wind projects. The amendments apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2021. This section provides a tax credit for certain carbon capture facilities. To qualify, the facility must begin construction before 2033 and must capture a certain amount of carbon oxide

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act amends the Internal Revenue Code to create a new section 45Q, which provides a tax credit for carbon capture and sequestration. The credit is available for 12 years and there are several requirements that must be met in order to qualify, including wage, apprenticeship, and recordkeeping requirements. The amendments made by this section will apply to facilities or equipment placed in service after December 31, 2022. The Zero-Emission Nuclear Power Production Credit is a credit for taxpayers who produce electricity using nuclear energy. The credit is available for nuclear facilities that are placed in service before the date of enactment of this section. The Nuclear Energy Production Tax Credit is a tax credit for taxpayers who produce electricity from nuclear power facilities. The credit is available for facilities that come into operation after December 31, 2020. This section extends the incentives for biodiesel, renewable diesel and alternative fuels through 2024. It also extends the tax credit for qualified second generation biofuel through 2025. In addition, this section establishes a sustainable aviation fuel

The Clean Air Act provides tax credits for the production of sustainable aviation fuel and clean hydrogen. The credit for sustainable aviation fuel is $1.25 per gallon of fuel used in a qualified mixture, with a supplementary amount for each type of fuel. The credit for clean hydrogen is $0.60 per kilogram of qualified clean hydrogen produced, multiplied by the applicable percentage. The applicable percentage is determined according to the lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions rate. The Credit for Hydrogen Production Act of 2020 amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide a credit for the production of hydrogen. The credit is available for property placed in service after December 31, 2022, and is recaptured if production falls below expectations. The credit is scheduled to terminate on December 31, 2023.

The Energy Audit tax credit allows taxpayers to receive a credit of up to $150 for the cost of a home energy audit. The credit is subject to the requirements specified by the Secretary in regulations or other guidance. The Energy Improvement and Extension Act of 2008 extends and modifies the energy efficient home improvement credit. The credit is now available for an additional two years, through 2021, for qualifying energy efficient property placed in service. The credit is also expanded to include certain qualified energy property placed in service after December 31, 2021. Finally, the Act requires that taxpayers include a product identification number when claiming the credit. The Residential Clean Energy Credit is extended through 2034 and expanded to include battery storage technology expenditures. The Energy Efficient Commercial Buildings Deduction is being amended to increase the maximum deduction from $0.50 to $1.00 per square foot, and to make the deduction only available for buildings certified to reduce energy and power costs by more than 25%. The Energy Efficiency Retrofit Tax Credit allows a tax credit for installing energy efficient systems in qualified buildings.

The Energy Security Act extends the Alternative Fuel Tax Credit through 2032 and increases the credit limit from $30,000 to $100,000. It also includes bidirectional charging equipment as qualified alternative fuel vehicle refueling. The Clean Vehicle Credit is a tax credit for vehicles that meet certain fuel efficiency standards. The credit is available for vehicles purchased after December 31, 2017 and is capped at $7,500. The credit is phased out for each manufacturer after 200,000 qualifying vehicles are sold.

This section of the tax code provides for a tax credit for certain heavy duty electric or fuel cell vehicles, hybrid vehicles, and associated charging or refueling infrastructure. It also provides for a tax credit for re-equipping an industrial or manufacturing facility with equipment designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

The "Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction for New and Existing Power Plants" rule incentivizes clean electricity production and clean transportation by providing a tax credit for any taxable year equal to the product of the kilowatt hours of electricity produced by the taxpayer at a qualified facility and sold by the taxpayer to an unrelated person during the taxable year, multiplied by the applicable amount with respect to such qualified facility. The applicable amount is 0.3 cents per kilowatt hour for qualified facilities that are not described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (B) and do not satisfy the requirements described in clause (iii) of such subparagraph, and 1.5 cents per kilowatt hour for qualified facilities described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (B).

This section of the bill deals with the Clean Electricity Production Incentive, which provides credits to qualified facilities that produce electricity within the United States. The credit is increased by 10 percent if the taxpayer certifies that any steel, iron, or manufactured product used in the construction of the facility was produced in the United States. This passage explains how to determine if a product has been manufactured in the United States. If the construction of the facility where the product was made begins before January 1, 2025, then 40 percent of the total costs of all manufactured products of that facility must be attributable to products mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States.

The Clean Electricity Investment Credit is a tax credit available for qualified investments in clean electricity facilities and energy storage technologies. The credit is equal to 6 percent of the investment for qualified facilities and energy storage technologies, and is available for facilities placed in service after December 31, 2024. This section also allows for a credit with respect to qualified investments in certain energy property, equal to the lesser of $50,000 or 30% of the basis of the property. The credit is phased out for property placed in service after December 31, 2016. Finally, this section amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide a tax credit for the production of clean transportation fuels. The credit is equal to the applicable amount per gallon (or gallon equivalent) of fuel produced, multiplied by the emissions factor for the fuel. The applicable amount is 20 cents per gallon for most fuels, but is $1.00 per gallon for certain other fuels.

This section of the code establishes the emissions rates for transportation fuels, expressed in terms of kilograms of CO2e per mmBTU. The rates are to be based on the most recent determinations under the Greenhouse gases, Regulated Emissions, and Energy use in Transportation model developed by Argonne National Laboratory, or a successor model. For aviation fuels, the rates are to be based on the most recent Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation adopted by the International Civil Aviation Organization with the agreement of the United States, or a similar methodology. The rates may be rounded to the nearest multiple of 5 kilograms of CO2e per mmBTU, except in the case of an emissions rate that is between 2.5 and -2.5 kilograms of CO2e per mmBTU, which may be rounded to zero. A taxpayer producing fuel for transportation may file a petition with the Secretary for determination of the emissions rate with respect to such fuel. The emissions rate will be adjusted for inflation starting in 2024. This section also deals with the clean fuel production credit, which is a credit that is available for producing transportation fuels with low emissions. The credit is available for monoglycerides, diglycerides, triglycerides, free fatty acids, and fatty acid esters. To be eligible for the credit, the taxpayer must be registered as a producer of clean fuel at the time of production and must provide certification from an unrelated party demonstrating compliance with requirements similar to those established under the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation. The fuel must also be produced in the United States. This section provides a tax credit for certain transportation fuels and allows taxpayers to make an election to treat a credit as a payment against the tax imposed.

The Energy Policy Act of 2005 created a tax credit for businesses that make investments in eligible components for use in a trade or business. The credit is equal to 30% of the cost of the investment, and the taxpayer may elect to apply the credit against the tax liability for the taxable year in which the investment is made, or for any of the four succeeding taxable years. The taxpayer may also revoke the election at any time. The bill also allows businesses to elect to claim the renewable electricity production credit or the carbon capture equipment credit in lieu of the business energy investment tax credit.

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act allows for the transfer of certain tax credits relating to clean energy production to eligible taxpayers. The eligible credits include the clean fuel production credit, the energy credit, the qualifying advanced energy project credit, and the clean electricity investment credit. The bill also amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow for a three-year carryback of certain business tax credits and extends the tax rate for certain taxpayers to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021. Finally, the Act reinstates the deduction for state and local taxes through 2026.

This section of the bill appropriates $2,200,000,000 for a program to provide financial assistance to farmers, ranchers, or forest landowners who experienced discrimination prior to January 1, 2021, in Department of Agriculture farm lending programs. The funds are to be used for administrative costs, including training employees, of the agencies and offices of the Department of Agriculture to carry out this section. This section also repeals Section 1005 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.

This section contains appropriations for climate research and weather forecasting, including $50 million for competitive grants to fund climate research relating to weather, ocean, coastal, and atmospheric processes and conditions, and impacts to marine species and coastal habitat. The Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act of 2018 includes provisions for grant funding to promote the development of sustainable aviation fuels and low-emission aviation technologies. The Department of Energy will provide $4,275,000,000 in grants to State energy offices to develop and implement high-efficiency electric home rebate programs. The Energy Policy and Conservation Act provides funding for grants to assist States and units of local government in adopting and implementing building energy codes.

This section of the bill appropriates $2 billion for grants to encourage domestic production of efficient hybrid and electric vehicles, and $5 billion for energy infrastructure projects. It also allows the Secretary to guarantee loans for energy infrastructure projects up to $250 billion. The purpose of the bill is to enable the Secretary of Energy to provide guarantees for loans to projects that retool, repower, or replace energy infrastructure that has ceased operations, or that enable operating energy infrastructure to avoid, reduce, utilize, or sequester air pollutants or emissions of greenhouse gases.

The Energy Act of 2020 appropriates $500 million to the Department of Energy for programs related to high-assay low-enriched uranium, $100 million of which is specifically for research, development, demonstration, and commercial use. Additionally, the act provides funding for solar energy projects on water conveyance facilities managed by the Bureau of Reclamation. This section of the bill authorizes funding for clean energy goals and drought mitigation, as well as increasing the royalty rates for offshore oil and gas development. It also amends the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to allow for wind lease sales in areas adjacent to Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.

This section of the article discusses the requirements for offshore lease sales in the Gulf of Mexico, as well as the appropriations for various clean energy initiatives.

This section of the Clean Air Act authorizes appropriations for various programs aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions and other air pollutants, including a Low Emissions Electricity Program, consumer and industry outreach and education, technical assistance and partnerships with state, tribal and local governments, and assessment of anticipated reductions in emissions. A total of $25 million is appropriated for these activities in fiscal year 2022. This section also authorizes the appropriation of $250,000,000 for the Environmental Protection Agency to develop and carry out a program to support the development, enhanced standardization and transparency, and reporting criteria for environmental product declarations that include measurements of the embodied greenhouse gas emissions of the material or product associated with all relevant stages of production, use, and disposal. Additionally, the EPA is appropriated $850,000,000 for fiscal year 2022 to remain available until September 30, 2028 for grants, rebates, contracts, loans, and other activities related to reducing methane emissions from petroleum and natural gas systems. This section also imposes a charge on methane emissions that exceed an applicable waste emissions threshold from an owner or operator of an applicable facility that reports more than 25,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent of greenhouse gases emitted per year.

This section of the Clean Air Act appropriates $100,000,000 to the Environmental Protection Agency for fiscal year 2022 to develop and carry out a program to identify and label construction materials and products that have lower levels of embodied greenhouse gas emissions. This section also provides funding for grants to be awarded to eligible entities for activities related to reducing greenhouse gas emissions and other air pollutants, mitigating climate and health risks, climate resiliency and adaptation, and reducing indoor toxics and indoor air pollution.

This section of the bill appropriates funds for sustainability and environmental programs, the purchase of zero-emission delivery vehicles, and infrastructure to support them. Additionally, it appropriates funds for oversight of these programs and for climate resilience and adaptation programs for Indian Tribes.